Update readme with more explanation about the project (#183)
w3c/aria-at: README.md

# ARIA and Assistive Technologies (ARIA-AT)

> This repo contains a low-level test suite and harness for assessing the interoperability of AT interpretations of ARIA. These tests are designed to be modular and embeddable in higher-level applications.

Reviewer: Instead of "for assessing the interoperability of AT interpretations of ARIA",
I suggest "for assessing AT support of ARIA".

That would be a bit simpler.

> This repo contains a low-level test suite and harness for assessing the interoperability of AT interpretations of ARIA. These tests are designed to be modular and embeddable in higher-level applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repo contains a test suite and harness for assessing AT support of ARIA. These tests are designed to be modular and embeddable in higher-level applications.
```

## Scope and Method

The initial scope of this test suite is manual tests for screen readers. Tests are written as assertions against accessible design patterns [examples from the ARIA Practices Guide](https://w3c.github.io/aria-practices/examples/).

## Running the tests

This repo includes a [prototype runner](https://w3c.github.io/aria-at/runner) which you can use to run the tests manually. Production runs of this material are run with [ARIA-AT-App](https://github.com/bocoup/aria-at-app).

## Documentation

[Documentation is available in the wiki](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at/wiki).

## Get involved

You can participate in the following:

* Join the [community group](https://www.w3.org/community/aria-at/)

> * [Sign up as a tester](https://github.com/w3c/aria-at/issues/162) for the Pilot Test (May 27 - June 2)

Reviewer: To keep the readme from changing frequently, it might be better to link to a generic 'Sign up as a tester' wiki page, which we update every time we are about to run a new testing cycle. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: We don't have such a wiki page, and I'd like to land this change asap. We can do that in the next iteration though!
